""	"x"
"1"	"  Bought this to put into my safe for guns and documents. The safe is seldom opened and here in the South the humidity can be brutal. I just think this was too small to do the job. I purchased other items for the moisture control and put all the documents into ziplocks."
"2"	"  Good forceps. The fit is not great, but they work well, especially for the price."
"3"	"  Not as ubiquitously effective as described, but exceeds regular superglue capability. The full kit options nice too."
"4"	"  im so sad that it sucked! it was only a little brighter than the old bulb but not yellow. i put it in a 6d"
"5"	"  My computer was constantly overheating. It would get to over 175 from things as simple as a decent video not to mention a good game, which is extremely annoying as I have a gaming computer. After cleaning off the cooling element, and applying Arctic Silver might idle temperature dropped from 125 to 77 which is better than when I first got two years ago. My computer runs faster and I don't have to listen to that annoying alarm go off every time I start a decent game, I highly recommend this product."
"6"	"  I believe that the quality of oral-b electronic toothbrush replacement heads has gone down.  I bought the 4 pack when my husband got down to his last one from the last set that I bought elsewhere.  So, when my hubby installed the first head, he started to use it and it broke, he tried a second one, same result.  The third one, so far is good.  I get the feeling that something was changed.  Unfortunately, we don't have another brawn/oral-b toothbrush to try the heads on.  We have an older model which was supposed to work with these heads and so far, it does work, as long as the head doesn't break down upon first use.\n\nI wish I hadn't purchased these in advance of my needs.  It would have been nice to discover the defect(s) when I still had time to return them.\n\nUpdate Summer of 2012: for some reason, our club store carries these also, and that's where we're going to get them while they last.  The failure rate is much less from the club packaging, I wish I know why others aren't as good."
"7"	"  rough metal, needs a lot of polishing/filing. could be better"
"8"	"  Not suitable for cleaning very soiled vinyl floors.  This tool is better suited for people who scrub their floors two or m ore times a month."
"9"	"  I bought a set of these brushes from Amazon. I used all three within a short span of about 6 months because the brush head breaks off so easily. The OEM brushes and the ones I bought from reputable retailers never had this problem, just these replacement brushes from Amazon.com. As another reviewer had said, the brush head is constructed from inferior material and even shows signs of rust. I confirm his findings. I suspect someone is manufacturing bogus or knock-off of Braun Oral B brushes and selling them as OEM as I've never encounter such shoddy product from Braun before.\n\nDon't buy unless you can get a money-back guarantee that these brushes are not the inferior bogus knock-offs."
"10"	"  These nails work great!  I have had no problems with them.  My only grip is that my nail gun will only hold one and a half at a time. I have to break one in half to fill the nail gun and sometimes I loose one nail doing this.  This is not a grip against the nails, but against the nail gun.  I don't know if a different nail gun would hold two rows of nails or not. I am very pleased with this product."
