""	"x"
"1"	"I was really disappointed by this book. I love (some of) Neil Gaiman's other work, and i understand that this was a little kids book, but it was beyond inane. nothing happened!! it felt like it could've been written by anyone, and not in a good way at all."
"2"	"I know I'm not the targeted audience for this book, but I felt like it was lacking in the plot department. It didn't really have a conflict for Max to overcome or a good moral lesson for kids to take away from in the end. I wouldn't really recommend this to anyone, kids or adults."
"3"	"Stunning in its simplicity, this book begs to be shared and gifted for just about any occasion. While not every wish hits the mark, the overall effect is gladdening."
"4"	"Cool illustrations in this one, and an undeniably popular theme, although humane-minded parents probably won't like the fact that Mom uses the broom to push the family cat outside on a winter's day because she doesn't want the floors dirtied."
"5"	"The Baudelaire orphans head off to boarding school, but their lives remain just as miserable. The school is run by a violinist who devotes all of his time and energy to practicing his instrument. When the children ask questions he mocks them and he even makes Baby Sunny work in the school office since she is too young to attend classes. 
 Count Olaf disguises himself as a gym teacher who makes the children run exhausting drills every night. The one bright spot is that the children meet a set of triplets, sadly one of their number has passed before story's start, and befriend them. 
 Count Olaf escapes again even when he is revealed. I listened to the audiobook read by the author. Recommended for grades 5-8."
"6"	"i don't like the content. boring and nonsense. love the illustrator. i thought the others like mine"
"7"	"Finally finished..what a chore..this had to be one of the dumbest stories ever..not much in it made any sense to me..awful read..ditching the other Alice book..very confusing book."
"8"	"The fourth graders at Aesop Elementary School are notoriously misbehaved, until a new teacher, Mr. Jupiter, begins to teach them in unusual ways. Episodic chapters mirror Aesop's Fables with goofy results. A good read for kids who can't get enough of the silliness of the Wayside School Series (Louis Sachar) or the clever puns of the Regarding of... series (Kate Klise)."
"9"	"1937 Newbery Award, very outdated. I love historical fiction and got though it but doubt many kids would."
"10"	"This book was returned in the library where I volunteer and we had some free time and started reading it. I found a book which 1) does not make sense in any sequence of the event 2)horrified me for the things you would have to do for that brat cat (seems to be a very narcissist cat) 3) some of the language would install behavior that I disagree with - I was appalled!"
