""	"x"
"1"	"I am genuinely not sure that the right hon Gentleman meant it, but he said that drug use in this country is lower than it has ever been. Did he mean that?But the lowest ever?But you said that it was the lowest ever"
"2"	"Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker. May I ask the Chair how much time Back-Bench MPs will get to speak in the three-hour debate on Thursday? That is an issue of huge concern to many hon Members, who feel that there is insufficient time to debate a matter of such huge importance to ourselves and our constituents all round the country."
"3"	"This is a long and complex Bill. In fact, it could easily have been four or five separate Bills, and throughout our deliberations it has been subject to major Government amendment and change. Even on Report, many Government amendments have been tabled. Given the grouping of amendments and the knives, it is unlikely that the programme motion will allow us to do justice to all the important matters that need to be discussed as part of the public debate, so we shall oppose the motion. I do not intend to detain the House as we want to get on with business. However, the Government are again forcing a diktat on the House and we wish to make it clear that we oppose their manner of conducting business in the Chamber."
"4"	"Is the right hon Gentleman aware that the longer we have debated the issue over the years that we have spent on it, the more people in the country change their minds and now say that they do not think that a ban is necessary?"
"5"	"Does the hon Gentleman not want to hear the truth?Is the right hon Gentleman aware that the Government wanted not only to take the matter in Committee, but to pack that Committee with hon Members who have no connection whatever with Derbyshire, and that when it was suggested that the hon Member for Bolsover  should be added to that Committee, the Government resisted the idea?"
"6"	"From reading the amendment, I am slightly confused. Perhaps the hon Lady is about to develop this point, but what is the difference between compulsion and PSHE being mandatory, which is not mentioned in the amendment, and a \"statutory entitlement\", which is?May I pursue my point a little further? I am a new Member, so forgive me if I am incorrect. Amendment 26 would require \"a statutory entitlement for all pupils\" to PSHE, but it does not mention compulsion or say that PSHE should be mandatory. Could pupils who wish to opt out of PSHE do so? The word used in the amendment is \"entitlement,\" not \"compulsion.\""
"7"	"It is important to know what Donald Dewar is alleged to have said. What did he actually say?"
"8"	"Will the Leader of the House state how many of that increased number of statements were forced on the Government by the increase in urgent questions?"
"9"	"The Burns report clearly said that the abolition of hunting would have an impact in some parts of the country, and my constituency, with its six hunts, would be just such an area. In July 2000, The Mid Devon Gazette showed from a four-week survey in my constituency that 69.32 per cent. of the population wanted to retain hunting. That shows how important hunting is not just to huntsmen, but to the wider community."
"10"	"My constituents do not want the House to make politics of what is happening. Everybody understands the situation that we are in respect of the cuts as a whole, but in areas such as Stoke-on-Trent, where we have deprivation and people out of work, we have made representations to the Secretary of State and his Ministers to say that we want time: we want time to plan how we can keep what is most important. This finance settlement gives us no encouragement whatever that this is anything other than the Government blaming local councils for what is happening."
